PoS: update meta transaction page (#1565)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/pos/concepts/transactions/meta-transactions.md

One can imagine the capabilities of meta transactions for scaling dApps and interactions with smart contracts. Not only can a user create a gasless transaction, but they can also do so many times, and with an automation tool, meta transactions can influence the next wave of applications for practical use cases. Meta transactions enable real utility in smart contract logic, which is often limited because of gas fees and the interactions required on-chain.

Let's look at a few scenarios highlighting how meta transactions can enhance user experience in dApps.

### Voting

> A user wishing to participate in on-chain governance can vote through a voting contract by signing a message with their decision. Traditionally, they would need to pay gas fees and know how to interact with the contract directly. Instead, they can sign a meta transaction off-chain containing the vote details and send it to a relayer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user wishing to participate in on-chain governance can vote through a voting contract by signing a message with their decision. Traditionally, they would need to pay gas fees and know how to interact with the contract directly. But in this case they sign a meta transaction containing the vote details off-chain and send it to a relayer. 
```
